[SSL] Improve consistency of notes on USSL coverage and possible caveats (#8563)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/_partials/_universal-ssl-definition.md

  list: never
---

> By default, Cloudflare issues — and renews — free, unshared, publicly trusted SSL certificates to all active domains added to Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Cloudflare issues — and renews — free, unshared, publicly trusted SSL certificates to all domains [added to](/fundamentals/get-started/setup/add-site/) and [activated on](/dns/zone-setups/reference/domain-status/) Cloudflare.
```

Reviewer: Could go one way or the other w/o the links here, but think the language makes it a bit clearer.

`Active` could mean "active on Cloudflare" or "active as in a live website".

Author: Oh, true! Hadn't thought about this. Thanks!
